[Music]
your attention please if you find this
in the wall don't touch it
I mean it whether you call it a memory
stick gig stick key drive thumb drive
jump drive drive in we're all talking
about the same thing a USB flash drive
well maybe not the drive in hey who
hasn't owned at least one of these super
convenient little buggers they typically
wait no more than an ounce are easy to
keep in your pocket and take anywhere
you want and nowadays they can hold up
to a whopping two terabytes not to
mention it's pretty hard to damage these
things who knows what secrets a simple
memory stick and hole well you can't
know for sure until you check but you
might want to think twice before you do
that in this video you'll find out what
a danger a flash drive sticking out of a
walk and present and why you should
never pick one up off the street but
before we get started remember to click
that magic red button and subscribe to
the bright side of life where you'll
find tons of useful videos like this one
answering just about any question you
might have so if you're ever walking
down the street and notice a flash drive
sticking out of the curb or a wall don't
get confused you've most likely stumbled
across what's known as a dead drop
despite its ominous name this is a
global art project that's borrowed some
tricks from the world of spies and
espionage you see decades ago spies had
their own ways of exchanging top-secret
materials there was a live drop in which
spies would meet in person but this was
often extremely dangerous so they
invented the dead drop no this is not
where drop dead was invented this is
when spies had important documents in
secret places like loose bricks in the
wall for them to be picked up later
inspired by this cool retro spy thing
Berlin based artist a romp arthel
decided to create an anonymous offline
peer-to-peer sharing network in public
space a roms dead drop project
encourages people to swap confidential
information with others by hiding memory
sticks all over the world now if you're
eager to put on your black coat and dark
sunglasses and go play spies simply take
a memory stick and embed it firmly into
a fence a wall or a curb if you want to
go out looking for a hidden USB Drive
you can find the location of all the
projects flash drives in the dead drop
database once you find one you can then
do absolutely anything you deem fit
delete the files on the drive copy them
or add your own information nowadays
there are over 1 and a half thousand
dead drops around the globe you can come
across a dead drop on just about any
continent you visit except for
Antarctica maybe because there aren't so
many walls there and the accumulated
data on all these flash drives reaches
10 terabytes from Iceland to New Zealand
dead drops draw those who want to get in
some secret activity and explore the
world around them and while it's kind of
hard to go unnoticed plugging your
laptop into a wall you have what a sight
people are still up for the challenge
wait where are you going off to start a
mad rush for fun adventures and new
knowledge hmm not so fast
you still haven't heard about the
drawbacks of the drop dead project
[Music]
first of all it's highly ill-advised to
plug some random USB stick into your
computer you never know what viruses are
lurking there patiently waiting to
destroy their next victim's hard drive
and while the thrill of risk is part of
the game don't overdo it if you're 100
percent sure that you want to play
fortify your computer with the best
antivirus program out there secondly you
can't even fathom what information might
be waiting for you on a flash drive
anyone can download videos pictures or
text files and this has already led to
several problems for example one German
journalist found a dead drop that had
information describing how to make some
type of illegal drug as well as recipes
for different deadly poisons but the
most dangerous thing he discovered was
instructions on how to create a bomb
this of course definitely had the police
raising questions it turned out that
those who had put this dangerous
information on the USB stick were simply
playing a prank but in any case nobody
knows what trouble may be waiting on the
next flash drive think twice before you
decide to get involved while some USB
sticks embedded in walls can be only
potentially hazardous there are plenty
of flash drives lying around on the
street that present a real danger to
your personal information and your money
scammers nowadays have several ways to
use a simple memory stick to ruin your
life lost memory sticks kids are always
taught not to take anything from
strangers but when they grow up they
don't hesitate to pick up a supposedly
lost memory stick and take it home come
on in a 2016 study it turned out that
out of 297 flash drives that had been
dropped on a university campus 98
percent were picked up and 45 percent
were plugged in
[Music]
okay so what how dangerous can a little
flash drive be you can't even imagine
what disastrous consequences it might
lead to criminals can get access to your
personal information your passwords and
other important data
what's more they can easily destroy your
computer even major organizations have
suffered from such USB attacks one of
the most shocking examples was with
Stuxnet this was a computer worm that
managed to infect all the software at
different industrial sites in Iran and
it was all from a lost-and-found USB
Drive even a uranium enrichment plant
was affected by this attack to make
things worse
this virus sent false feedback messages
which made detecting it an impossible
task another reason why you shouldn't
stick anything you find on the street
into your computer is a killer USB one
Hong kong-based company has created a
flash drive that can literally
annihilate a computer it absorbs power
from the USB line until it reaches 240
volts this energy is then returned to
your computer's data lines overwhelms
them and sends your computer to an early
grave and if you think that only
super-rich people can afford this
dangerous toy think again
anybody can get hold of one of these for
just 56 bucks
Wow don't these Rascals have any better
things to do
[Music]
USB sticks in the mail have you ever
gotten a package through the mail with a
USB stick in it whatever you decide to
do with it do not plug it into your
computer police in Australia are seeing
more and more cases of cyber criminals
using this new tactic they drop unmarked
memory sticks into mail boxes of course
it comes as no surprise that these
devices contain malware that can
seriously mess up your computer these
scammers evidently rely on human
curiosity and in all honesty it pays off
people can't fight the urge to check the
content of this mysterious gift
as a result almost half of the USB
sticks received through the mail get
plugged in after that people start
having issues with their laptops and
computers for example fraudulent media
starts streaming service offers or
computer viruses harm files and programs
on a PC again this isn't just a crime
against individuals when the Western
Australian Auditor General conducted a
security exercise involving USB sticks 8
out of 15 government agencies failed the
test this was simply a result of
employees irresponsibly connecting USBs
found in the mail into their work
computers what's really scary is that
these fishy flash drives could easily
gain access to the agency's networks and
remember these were government agencies
therefore if you find an unmarked USB
Drive in your mailbox
break it up into little bitty pieces as
best you can and throw it in the trash
so it can't claim any more victims so
there how about the ebay flash drive
scam if you ever see an online ad for a
one terabyte memory stick being sold for
a laughable amount of money
beware chances are that it's a scam so
don't fall for it this is a new trick
being used by Chinese hackers if you
decide to take advantage of this
incredible deal you'll get your new
flash drive only to discover that it's a
fake these hackers have somehow
discovered a way to alter the controller
chip settings so while a USB stick
normally displays its true capacity
whether it's 8 16 32 or more gigs after
these alterations this number is much
higher there's another catch with this
trick too as long as you don't exceed
the true capacity of your new flash
drive it works fine but once you go over
the limit the memory stick will slowly
start corrupting your data when you open
folders everything will seem to be in
order but a bit later you'll find out
that most of your data is
gone and can't be retrieved if you're
still in doubt whether or not to accept
a great eBay offer look up the price of
a real 1 terabyte USB flash drive you
won't find any for less than $650 so now
you've been warned
hit that like button if you always take
extra care for the safety of your
computer and would never ever use some
random USB off the street
go ahead and give us a like if you think
that the information from this video
will help you avoid such mistakes in the
future and if you've ever plugged an
unfamiliar memory stick into your
computer or you know someone who has
please tell us about it in the comments
below see you next time
you